Privacy Policy
Anton Lyadov built the Stolbik app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Anton Lyadov and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree thst I don't collect any Personal Information.

Information Collection and Use

While using our Service, I don't require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.

The app don't use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Google Play Services
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I don't collect data and information (through third-party products).

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. rvice.

Service Providers

I don't employ third-party companies and individuals

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service is not contain links to other sites.

Children’s Privacy

These Services address for any age.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-01-04

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at tonylyad@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
